[laughs]
It looks so tasty!
Thank you for bringing these.
Look, Yamagishi!
[Yamagishi] Wow!
[Azusa] Yoko Okino
is even cuter in real life!
You should thank Mouri.
He wouldn't stop talking about
Cafe Poirot's delicious ham sandwiches.
Amuro here came up
with the recipe for them himself.
Let us know what you think.
[giggles] Wait a sec, you're Amuro?
Yeah.
Mouri told me all about you.
He mentioned that
you're quite the detective.
Huh?
Hey, Amuro?
Huh? Oh, no, he's just being nice.
I'm nothing compared to Detective Mouri.
That reminds me.
I have something for him.
Can you deliver it for me?
Let me grab it.
Huh? What?
Your stuff's gone missing again?
My makeup bag's gone too.
-[worried murmurs]
-[man] Her stuff's disappeared again.
-[woman 1] That's scary.
-[woman 2] That's the third time now.
But I'm absolutely certain
I locked the room.
The thing is,
someone's been stealing stuff
from the TV station's dressing rooms.
I'll tell Detective Mouri what's going on.
I'm sure he'd be happy to do
anything he can to help find the culprit.
Uh… Sorry, Yoko.
It's time for Hanzo rehearsal.
Okay, I'm sorry,
but I really do have to run.
Let's chat more later, all right?
[theme song playing]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yay-yay-yay ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
COFFEE POIROT
PRIVATE EYE
DETECTIVE CONAN - ENJOY
A SLICE OF TORU AMURO'S LIFE!
[Azusa] What kind of creep
steals from a dressing room?
[Amuro] I don't know,
but hopefully they catch him soon.
Oh, by the way, Azusa.
Do you know anything
about this Hanzo show that Yoko's in?
What? Seriously? You've never seen Hanzo?
All right, let me give you the rundown.
It's a Ninja-themed competitive
sports-based reality show.
The contestants are all athletes,
and they compete across
the ultimate obstacle course.
But it's so hard that no one's ever
completed the whole thing before!
[energy pulsing]
Every episode has me
on the edge of my seat!
Yoko has a pretty important role
on the show as one of the commentators.
It's her job to present the trophy
to any contestant
who is able to complete
the entire course!
I can't wait for the next episode
to come out.
[Amuro] Wow.
[Azusa] Could you excuse me for a second?
I'm going to use the restroom.
Sure thing.
I'll be waiting for you right here.
Be right back.
Hmm?
HANZO YOKO OKINO
[chuckles]
Excuse me, but would that happen
to be Yoko's dressing room?
I'm a staff member on Hanzo.
I knew that already.
We were in the same room earlier,
remember?
Sorry, I've got to get back to work.
[plastic rattles]
-[gasps]
-[Amuro] What's this?
Looks like you dropped something.
Lipstick?
Does this happen to belong to you?
Oh! Uh, well, you see,
I'm a makeup artist,
so, if I could just get
that lipstick back.
[Azusa, gasping] I'm such a klutz!
Didn't think I'd leave it
in my dressing room.
What are you doing with my makeup bag?
[groaning]
[Amuro] Stop!
[door rumbles]
[cymbals crashing]
What?
This set, it's incredibly huge.
That guy just won't give up, will he?
No one's ever beat this course.
I should be able to lose him
through here.
Let's see him keep up with me now.
I built this set myself.
I know it like the back of my hand!
I won't let him take my dear Yoko's
makeup bag away from me!
[straining]
This isn't an obstacle…
this is pure torture!
[screaming]
HANZO MAX DIFFICULTY
[blade clangs]
[scoffs]
[straining]
-[Azusa screams]
-[excited chatter]
-[man] Yoko, which way did he go?
-[Yoko] I saw him go over there!
[man] Look, there he is.
He's in the pond under the set!
-[man 1] It was you?
-[man 2] We've got you now, you thief.
-Somebody call the police!
-[woman] Call them quick!
[sighs]
I finally made it.
[chuckles]
Wait, what was I doing just now?
[Azusa] Amuro, I've been looking
all over for you!
Just what do you think
you're doing all the way up there?
Get down before someone sees you.
All right, all right.
[gong sounds]
[sighs] Looks like the course
has once again gone undefeated.
Watch next week's challengers on Hanzo.
HANZO NOW RECRUITING COMPETITORS
COFFEE POIROT
[Amuro] All right,
he's your Neapolitan spaghetti
with a cream soda.
Oooh! Thanks, Azusa.
It looks so yummy!
Enjoy your meal.
Okay. I'm gonna eat it all up.
It's so good!
[woman]
Thanks for the meal, it was delicious.
Oh. We need to pick up
some cat food on the way home.
Hey, can I ask you a question?
[Azusa] Mm-hmm.
So, I promised my friend
we'd go riding our bikes together
and go somewhere super far away,
but actually…
Huh? Really? Me?
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
Oh! Amuro.
Huh?
Hmm. This will do nicely.
You can learn to ride
a bike here, no problem.
[kid] What's this guy doing here?
I don't care about seeing him.
I wanted Azusa to teach me,
and no one else.
Wouldn't you rather have a man show you
how to ride a bike instead of me?
[sighs]
Try pedaling.
[kid] Someone as cool as him
could never understand
what it's like to be me or how I feel.
Whoa…
[crashes]
[whimpers]
[kids laughing]
I bet he thinks I'm an idiot,
just like they do.
[Amuro] Are you okay?
Huh?
He's not laughing?
All right, ready to give it another shot?
Great job today.
Wanna practice some more tomorrow?
No way!
Oh, really, well, that's too bad.
Here, you earned a sticker today,
but just one.
Huh?
Whoa! It's a super rare
Hyper Rainbow Sticker!
D-Does this mean you're a fan also?
Yeah.
-[door opens]
-How may we help you?
Huh?
I'm just here because
I want a sticker, that's all.
It's not like I want to practice
riding my bike or anything, got that?
[chuckles]
[whimpering]
Wow!
[laughs] You ready to practice some more?
[meows]
Let's try taking off
one of the training wheels.
[Hiroki sighs]
Try turning the handle bars
in the opposite direction
that you're about to fall.
[chuckles]
Good work, you're getting better.
Now let's try doing that
without both training wheels.
Trust me, Hiroki, you can do it.
-Whoaaa!
-[cat meows]
That one really hurt!
[Amuro] Are you okay?
I can't do it.
It's just too hard to keep my balance!
[mystical sounds echoing]
Are you still scared of riding a bike?
[Hiroki] Hmm?
Mm-hmm.
[chuckles]
I'll hold the back of your seat
to keep you balanced.
Try pedaling at full speed.
[Hiroki] Mm-hmm.
Are you ready? One, two…
[Hiroki whimpering]
I… I can't do it.
I'm scared I'm gonna fall!
Don't worry, I won't let you fall.
Come on, keep going!
[Rei] Don't let go, no matter what!
[whimpering]
If you let go, I'm going to fall!
[laughs] Don't worry!
I'm here, I'm not going to let you go.
Go, Rei! You're doing it!
Huh?
[laughing]
[sighs]
Look at you go!
You can ride a bike now!
No, I can't. I'd fall over
if you weren't holding on.
[Amuro] What makes you think
I'm holding on?
Hmm? Huh?
-Great job!
-Whoa!
I'm doing it!
[cat meows]
[panting]
[laughing]
[theme song playing]
[woman singing in Japanese]
♪ Find the truth ♪
♪ We arise today ♪
♪ Promise to yourself ♪